Updated Technical Requirements
Your app must:

Render a game in the browser.
Have logic for winning and/or losing
and show feedback to the player in either case.
Include separate HTML / CSS / JavaScript.
Use plain JavaScript or jQuery for DOM manipulation
(or HTML canvas for graphics).
Have a repo on GitHub.
Have at least 1 commit per day that you worked on it.
Be deployed online using GitHub Pages so that anybody can play it.
Stick with KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) and DRY (Don’t Repeat Yourself) principles.
Updated Deliverables
A working game, built by you that runs in the browser.
A deploy of your game in GitHub Pages.
The URL of the GitHub repository for your game.
The URL of the live game on the Internet.
The URL of the slides for your game’s presentation.
You must present your game during Project #1 final presentations (last day of Project #1 time).
Presentations
For each of the 3 projects you make at Ironhack, you will also have to make a presentation about it. Communication (including public speaking) is an important skill to practice for finding a job after Ironhack.

Format
Talking with Slides: 3 minutes
Demo: 2 minutes
Total: 5 minutes
Attire
Dress nicely for this and all final project presentations
(last day of each project’s time).
Dress at least one degree more elegantly than you usually dress for class.
Examples:
If you wear t-shirts every day, wear a button-down shirt.
If you wear jeans every day, wear some slacks.
If you wear sneakers every day, wear nicer shoes.
Slide Applications
All presentations will be done from a staff member’s computer, so your slides need to be online.
PowerPoint files, Keynote files or files of any kind will not be accepted.
Suggested online slide applications:
Slides
Prezi
Google Slides
Presentation Structure
Title Slide (1 slide): your project’s name & your name
About Me (1-2 slides):
Where are you from?
What are some interesting facts about you? (hobbies, travels, etc.)
Project Elevator Pitch (1-2 slides):
What is your project?
How does it work?
Why did you choose it?
Technical Challenge (1-2 slides):
What was the most important technical challenge you faced?
How did you overcome that challenge?
Big Mistake (1-2 slides):
What was the biggest mistake you made during this project?
What did you learn from it?
Demo Slide (1 slide): literally says "DEMO"
with a link to your project so you can open it easily
Closing Slide (1 slide): your project’s name, your name & a “Thank You”
Total: 7-11 slides
Presentation Structure Notes
Don’t include a slide just for the technologies.
Don’t include any code in your slides. Nobody will read it.
Don’t include a slide for GitHub graphs.
Don’t go into detail about how the app works. Your demo is where you want to do that.
If you think that deviating from the structure improves your presentation, feel free to do so. This suggested structure is mostly for people who don’t know what to do.
Demo Tips
Plan what you are going to demo and practice it on the live site. That way you won’t be surprised if something breaks on the live version.
Deploy early so you can squash bugs. There are always bugs on the live site at first.
Add link to your live project to your DEMO slide so you can start it smoothly.
Your app’s colors and sizing might look different on the projector. If you think it might be a problem, ask to test it beforehand.
Project Feedback and Evaluation
Technical Requirements: Did you deliver a project that met all the technical requirements?

Creativity: Did you add a personal spin or creative element into your project submission? Did you deliver something engaging and playable to the end user?

Code Quality: Did you follow code style guidance and best practices covered in class, such as spacing, modularity, and semantic naming?

Deployment: Did you deploy your application to a public URL using GitHub Pages?

Total: Your instructors will give you a total score on your project between:

Score	Expectations
0	Didn’t meet expectations
1	Met expectations, good job!
2	Exceeded expectations, you magnificent creature, you!




-Desorrollo de guion.
        Colores: #1D7EC2 #F9E72C #F2871C #FFFFFF
        Propocion canvas: 16:9 1024*576 1280x720(?)
            Fondo: cielo
                   trigo
                   recorren como en mario
                    Fondo con formas geometricas para animacion estatica 
                    las formas se combinan para hacer una nueva pantalla sin de cambiar pantalla              

-Donde empezamos y donde acabamos.
-Que ocurre durante
        El pollo avanza sorteando enemigos y comiendo trigo, puede conseguir habilidades. 
        Cuanto mas trigo coma mas puntuacion. 
        (matar o romper bloques puede sumar puntos)
-Obstaculos
    -Habilidades
        cuando tiene una habilidad entonces gana puntos x2
        podria haber un obstaculo que no los mate, pero le  quite puntos, le quite una habilidad.         
-Bloques de plataforma
-Habilidades
        cuando tiene una habilidad entonces gana puntos x2
        podria haber un obstaculo que no los mate, pero le  quite puntos, le quite una habilidad. 
        

